CSS Functions: add `cubic-bezier()` and `steps()` animation functions (#25606)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_functions/index.md

- {{CSSxRef("font-variant-alternates/annotation", "annotation()")}}
  - : Enables annotations such as circled digits or inverted characters. The parameter is a font-specific name mapped to a number. It corresponds to the OpenType value `nalt`, such as `nalt 2`.

## Timing functions

The following functions are used as a value in transition and animation properties.

- {{cssxref("easing-function#cubic_b%C3%A9zier_easing_function", "cubic-bezier()")}}
  - : Easing function that defines a cubic Bézier curve.
- {{cssxref("easing-function#step_easing_function", "steps()")}}

>   - : Iteration along `n` stops along the transition, displaying each stop for equal lengths of time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Iteration along a specified number of stops along the transition, displaying each stop for equal lengths of time.
```
